# DD&I Content Team Meeting 01 Notes
On our agenda for today is a mix of social media decisions, newsletter planning, content structure/organization, and requests for writers/editors! Let’s get started!

Attendees: @sugaroverflow, @rubyji, @alannaburke, @cleverington, @crowdcg, and @sparklingrobots

## 1. Project Board:
Check out our project board http://bit.ly/ddi-content-project-board and ask me any questions about the cards in the On Focus column. If you’re interested and would like to work on something, please do! You can assign yourself to the card

## 2. Social Media

### 2.1: Choosing a Twitter Scheduling Service
see: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/92
and vote in this thread!
  - 3 votes for Tweetdeck, 0 for Hootsuite

  @rubyji: I like Tweetdeck, mostly because I’m already using it. I’m not unwilling to use something else, but I want there to be a specific reason to learn/use a new tool. Tweetdeck allows for team management and scheduling. You can see tweets that others have scheduled on your account.

  @crowdcg: If we only care about Twitter then Tweetdeck

### 2.2 Social Media strategy and best practices
Let’s talk about what we want to achieve with our social media, our policies and strategies for posting or sharing things.

Let's collaborate on filling this out http://bit.ly/ddi-socialmediapolicycollab

@alannaburke: I’ve added some thoughts!

## 3. Newsletter!
What kinds of things could we include in a newsletter and who would be willing to help put together this content? Do you have examples of newsletters that you read and enjoy?

see https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/86 for some preliminary brainstorming.

cleverington:
If we want to theme/brand it, and we can pull in some peeps like @rootwork for look/feel, I’d be happy to get a Foundation for Emails generator going.

cleverington:
Also, I’d love to contribute to the Newsletter, but wouldn’t be able to commit until at least July, as June is going to be CRAZY.

alannaburke
i like newsletters that are to the point - like The Skimm and Girls Night In. Here’s a link, here’s a summary, here’s what you need to know.

rootwork
Yeah I could help with that! Having Foundation for Emails set up already would be cool. It's hard for me to keep up with all the email preprocessors/templates/premailers these days. https://css-tricks.com/tools-html-email-workflow/

alannaburke
especially if we are going to be sharing some of the content we have that is longer and more involved - i think a thoughtful summary will get people to buy in

sugaroverflow
How do we feel about doing small content pieces for the newsletter - and then making them longer for website blog posts? Or should we separate the two?

rubyji
I think a lot of the time we can and should recycle the content. So anything that’s a good blog post and be included or teased in the newsletter. Anything good for the newsletter would also make a good blog post.
rootwork
Honestly if we're going to use Mailchimp it would be easier to just use their own templates. Unless we really want something custom-designed.

rootwork
MailChimp has pretty good templates on its own

crowdcg
I don’t think we should reinvent the wheel if we are using and Email Service Provider like Mailchimp.

crowdcg
key is to get the template setup and a process for review before sending.

cleverington
@sugaroverflow As for your idea on blog/newsletter, I think it would be beneficial to create the blog posts and share in the news-letter as an aggregation of blog posts, cool twitter-convos, and cool external resources.


rootwork
Mailchimp even has an RSS-to-email automatic option, if we want to be really lazy about sending out what's on the blog  https://mailchimp.com/features/rss-to-email/

crowdcg
What frequency are we aiming for with the newsletter and blog posts. Monthly, every other week?


cleverington
Considering how few blog posts we’ve gotten so far, I might recommend quarterly on the Newsletter and (if we *can*) bi-weekly on the blog.

rootwork
But combining it with links to other blog posts and Twitter conversations is a good idea. Reminds me of what Technically Speaking does. http://tinyletter.com/techspeak

sugaroverflow
Frequency is something we should decide on. I think less frequent to begin with would be better with our capacity.

sugaroverflow
I like the idea of quarterly.

rootwork
Oh meant to link to this as the example http://tinyletter.com/techspeak/letters/technically-speaking-may-23-2017

crowdcg
@sugaroverflow quarterly would be great to start, although I have a feeling once we start rolling the content may warrant more output. Just getting a Drupalcon recap out would be huge right now.


sugaroverflow
[22 hours ago]
Do you have any ideas on how to get more writers? @crowdcg I wonder if I'm not looking for people in the right way/place


crowdcg
@sugaroverflow more writers is a hard problem. I feel like an idea queue and maybe for somethings a template would make the barrier to receive written contribution lower. Personally asking people and giving them a deadline might be best.

sugaroverflow
Would it be easier to give people a list of questions to answer and then compile their writing into a blog post ourselves? @crowdcg

cleverington
I like the idea of the template direction…..  We can create like ‘draft’ posts or something, so that the content is generally structured the same. I think we actually started to outline something like that back in Fall…..


crowdcg
@sugaroverflow i think in some cases for sure DrupalCon and DrupalCamp reports would be nice


sugaroverflow
These are great suggestions thank you!

## 4. Calling all writers!
We have a couple of things we would like to written for blog posts.
If you were at Drupalcon Baltimore and..
  - you visited the DD&I booth and talked to us?
  - you got your photo taken at the DD&I photobooth?
  - you wore a smiley face pin on your badge?
  - you got involved in DD&I?
  - you attended a session or BOF about diversity in the community?
If your answer to any of the questions above was yes, *you* yes you! can write us a blog post!

## End, thanks for joining us :)
